What is mean by Agile Methodology
 different testing methods , test cases to buy a pen and also testcases for an application's login page. 
 A logical question of 3lt. and 5lt. mugs(you can google for whole question).

Interview Questions
Testing Techniques
Regression testing
Retesting
integration testing and some other testing techniques
test cases for an application login page
test cases for real time eg.
sql queries---Select & Update


Team asked manual testing questions and SQL queries like bug life cycle, 
retesting and regression, priority severity, test case template, 
STLC,SDLC nd second highest salary in table, about joins types, DDL DML

Interview Questions
Bug life cycle, second highest sal from table
Select max(Salary) from table where salary<(Select max(Salary) from table)

basic questions, stlc, write test cases for amazon site, IRCTC, agile methodology.
SDLC, STLC, Test Plan, PL SQL, Selenium, UFT, Java, Bug life cycle.


Interview questions:
Introduce yourself
what are the types of testing you would perform in daily tasks
defect life cycle
SDLC and STLC
what are methods of writing test cases
what a test case contains
what a defect contains
smoke testing and sanity testing
regression testing
what test cases would be chosen for Automation
what type of testing will be performed before releasing to production
what is verification and validation
what is Vmodel
what is Page Object model
How do we write update query in sql
what are joins
what is query for finding maximum and salary and employee name from 2 tables

select max(salary) from table1 where employee =(Select )



Switch frames, nfr, windows, real time scenarios, waits, test strategy, plan, easy puzzle
Write a Java program to identify the character and print the number of occurrences
Questions related to test strategy, SDLC, project experience etc..
Questions on SSL, HTTP/HTTPS


Interview Questions
1. Tell me about yourself
2.What is regression
3. Tell me about agile methodology
4. Difference b/w Sanity and Smoke
5. Tell me about adhoc testing
6. Testing techniques
7. Tell about Black Box Testing
8. Tell about Integration Testing
9. Tell about Testing Life Cycle
10 . Tell about Bug Life Cycle



Ok I attended today below are questions
IVY COMPTECH 1ST ROUND 20-MAY-2021


what does mvn build mvn verify commands do?

what if dependency is not there in maven repository?
what actually pom.xml does?
effective.xml
git revert reset differences?
how to run tests in parallel? 
what to do if we wanted to run in multiple times?
how do u handle alert?
what is listener?How many listerners have u implemented? how u impleneted in framework?
what is constructor?
can we override constructor?
what is interface? can interface method be static?
can we overide static method?
how do u call construcor of parent class?
what happens if we dont define any constructor?
what happens if we have a class but not instatntiated?
what default constructor does?
classA a=new ClassB()  gives accesss to A methods or B methods?
what are types of inheritances?
why multiple inheritance is not allowed in java?
diff between arraylist and linkedlist?why linkedlist is fast?
diff between hashmap and hashtable?
w.a.p for finding all missing numbers from 1-20 in an array {1,2,7,12,15,8,20}
w.a.p to find character occurance?
diff between action actions?
