Round 1:
1. What is Sanity Testing?
2. What is Smoke Testing?
3. Differentiate between Regression and Retesting.
4. Explain Bug Life cycle
5. How can we handle windows based popup?
6. How can we handle Java popup?
7. Explain the different type of waits.
8. What is the use of Java Script executor?
9. What are the common selenium exceptions?
10. How will you handle StaleElementReference Exception?
11. What are the types of locators in selenium?
12. How will you get the color of an element, using selenium?
13. Which locator is preferred in testing industry and why?
14. What are the challenges of using the selenium?
15. What are the API status codes, you have come across?
16. What are the Rest Assured http methods?
17. How will you connect to a Database, using Java?  Write the code.
18. Write a code to reverse the code, without using the built-in method.

Round 2:
1. Write a Java code to identify, if the pair of strings are an Anagram or not


What is the Difference between final,finally,finalize
2.what is the difference between Call by value and call by referance
3.How to find out the length of the string without using length function
4.How to find out the part of the string from a string
5.difference between throw & throws
6.What is binding(Early and Late binding)
He give Programes
1.Reverse a number
2.1,2,3,4,5,65,76,5,,4,33,4,34,232,3,2323,
find the biggest number among these
simple string programe.
what is exception types of exception
From manual
what is the testcase technique
why we write test case.
bug life cycle
what are the different status of bug
what is the different between functional and smoke testing
what is STLC.
from Selenium
what is testng and its advantage
how to handle SSl/
how to handle alert
how to take screenshot
give the diagram write a scrpt..
tell me about Project .What are the challenge face during project
what is the difference between RC and webdriver
what is freamwork explain it.
why we use wait statement.
2nd technical
he gives a application & tell to write the scenario
some manual testing concepts.
1. difference between string and string buffer?
2. difference between linked list and arraylist?
3. thread concepts?
4. why string class is immutable?
5. Singleton class?